# S17
## url
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/369538781_Security_Risks_in_the_Software_Development_Lifecycle_A_Review

## archive url
/web/20230702182257/https://www.researchgate.net/publication/369538781_Security_Risks_in_the_Software_Development_Lifecycle_A_Review

## title
Security Risks in the Software Development Lifecycle

## source type
Technical Report

## author type
Researcher

## Date
23 Feb 2023

## Problem
1. Lack of priority and resources for security.
2. Neglect of security and performance verification.
3. Lack of interest in adopting software security practices.
4. Delayed consideration of security issues.
5. Agile methods neglecting security.

### Solution for Problem 1. 
Prioritize security and recognize it as an essential aspect of software development.
### Solution for Problem 2. 
Include thorough verification processes in project timelines.
### Solution for Problem 3. 
Organizations should foster a culture that emphasizes the importance of software security
### Solution for Problem 4. 
Integrate security from the beginning of the development process.
### Solution for Problem 5. 
Incorporate security practices and requirements into Agile processes.

## Decision Driver
- Prioritization, team decision-making, stakeholders, knowledge and experience.

## References
Bishop D,Rowland P.Agile and secure software development: an unfinishedstory. Issues in Information Systems. 2019 Jan 1, 20(1).

Rygge H,Jøsang A.Threat poker: solving security and privacy threats in agile software development. In Secure IT Systems: 23rd Nordic Conference, NordSec 2018, Oslo, Norway, November 28-30, 2018, Proceedings 23 2018 (pp. 468-483). Springer International Publishing.

## Remarks
N/A